Old leader
Tell the truth
Our Blue Dragon Squad was betrayed by a traitor last time
There's also a lot of courage.
I'm in Binhai City.
Just to find out the truth
Find out behind the scenes credit investigation
I'll go home as soon as I'm done
There is such a thing
Well, be careful out there on the coast.
Ask me if you need support
I can support you with some aircraft cannons
Give you courage
Thank you leader
What? If Chen Xiaodao runs away, the red thorn will be invalid.
I'm such a bunch of trash
little brother
Ah!
What's up?
Xiaohu's revenge failed
It is the son who is incompetent, please punish the father and daughter
Grafting other people's hands is ultimately reliable
But father
This Chen Xiaodao is from the Chen family in Kyoto after all
If our wives hate each other
This Chen family is probably going to be investigated
Are you afraid of people, Chen Xiaodao?
It's just a sign of the Chen family's exile
Even if Master Chen wants to love him
Can't he surpass his son Chen Junsheng?
Father is talking about this Chen Junsheng
What about Li Yifeng now?
Controlling the Chen family is a matter of time
Now their father and son have turned against each other
If we deal with Chen Xiaodao
It is equivalent to giving Chen Junsheng a name
As long as there is a Chen family to make baked mountains
Our Zhao family can go to the next level
You said it well.
Chen Junsheng, where are you going?
On the surface it looks submissive
Dirty water
Sorry, this is Chen Xiaodao
In fact, this man has a heart like a snake
Can't do anything for profit
You mean Chen Xiaodao must die?